Move External Identities APIs to v1.0 (#12210)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/userflowapiconnectorconfiguration.md

---
title: "userFlowApiConnectorConfiguration resource type"

> description: "Represents which API connectors are enabled for a user flow."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents the API connectors that are enabled for a user flow."
```

author: "nickgmicrosoft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# userFlowApiConnectorConfiguration resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> Defines which APIs are called at specific points in the user flow.  Each relationship of this object corresponds to a specific step in the user flow that can be configured to call an API connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the APIs that are called at specific points in the user flow.  Each relationship of this object corresponds to a specific step in the user flow that can be configured to call an API connector.
```

## Relationships

| Relationship            | Type                                            | Description                                                                                                                                             |
| :---------------------- | :---------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | postFederationSignup    | [identityApiConnector](identityapiconnector.md) | Specifies an API to call after federation with an external identity provider (like Google, Facebook, or Azure AD) is completed when user is signing up (does not apply to sign in). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| postFederationSignup    | [identityApiConnector](identityapiconnector.md) | Specifies an API to call after federation with an external identity provider. For example, a Google, Facebook, or Azure AD API is completed when the user is signing up (does not apply to sign-in). |
```

> | postAttributeCollection | [identityApiConnector](identityapiconnector.md) | Specifies an API to call after a user submits collected attributes and before the user is created during sign up.                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| postAttributeCollection | [identityApiConnector](identityapiconnector.md) | Specifies an API to call after a user submits the collected attributes and before the user account is created during sign-up.                                                      |
```
